I had an email from somebody and they
want you to know where i got my seeds
from now it's nothing usually all from
one place it's wherever I see them from
some got sent through with my gardeners
world magazine and some I got because
they were cheaper because they were
doing a special offer but the ones that
I'm planting in February the peppers
have come from Johnson they come in a
huge big packing like that and I got
those for pound because I got them on
special and but always look out for
these special deals that letter
sometimes about but they're from
Johnsons and these radishes are for
Johnson's as well and i got the tomato
or one of the tomatoes and some more
cayenne peppers which look quite fierce
they came with my gardeners world
magazine okay also from Johnsons there's
one type of parsnip it's the hollow
crown there the gladiator parsnips that
I've got here and I've got those from
Thompson me Morgan and the cucumbers I
got from Johnsons as well and also the
long purple aubergine I did but the
other over jeans what I called 532
they're called lists tada don't gondia I
got those from Thompson and Morgan and
also these little ones as well this loba
jeans I've got those from Taunton and
Morgan as well the flowers very but
basically just go where wherever you go
looking for seeds whether it be in the
the local DIY store or in a garden
center whatever they've got even now
even if you think you've got all your
seeds just go and have a look because
you might suddenly think I've got that
all that looks interesting i'll try and
grow that and do that give it a go
because that's all that's what it's all
about that's all part of it just trying
new things which i try to do at least
one new thing every day well i hope to
see
you soon I'm not quite sure what we'll
be doing next and but it will be march
and I expect what we'll be doing then is
putting the onions and the garlic
actually i'll show you the mushrooms
next I expect so I'll see you soon bye
you